[Music]
right so just got done with dinner
headed out soon but today
well teamliquid went 0 2 again North
America is the only region that has not
won a came counting Vietnam by the way
which beat Team Liquid I don't really
know what to think
like it just it's really worrisome they
seem like they're falling apart I I
don't know if you told me that they go
like 0 and 10 I possibly believe you I
just I don't know that's uh it's
upsetting
indeed so hopefully if these get better
[Music]
why is Travis cafard the only successful
North American video interviewers still
around I this is a reddit thread that I
woke up to this morning or I think I saw
it on the way to the venue and I made
front page got a hundred fifty-three
comments and it's very strange I just
want to address the strangeness of this
and that like the tone of it is very
strange there's no thought process that
maybe it's because I'm good or anything
like that like all the questions are
just like Oh has he like monopolize the
space why can't other people succeed
etcetera here's the thing guys like well
okay first off I I'm not upset about it
was a little weird let a lot of the
comments you know no one was like maybe
it's because he's good at his job but
let's go through it a little bit this is
just my quick response to to this
because I have nothing else to talk
about today since TLS I think it's
important to note that it says the only
successful North American video
interviewers still around so there are a
lot of successful North American video
interview viewers throughout League of
Legends time the majority of you will
not remember Pluto who used to interview
for curse and then eventually end up and
he was like a caster and then I
eventually ended up at twitch where now
he works at twitch Shox was admittedly
not a North American video interviewer
but there were basically there's no
region based interviewers back in the
day she did the same interviews I did
because it was all like an open-circuit
thing now she works there Abba Lee works
at right skaara was a North American
video interviewer for like a year but he
went off to go do more streaming and
he's not interested so I think one of
the reasons why is that they get hired
into other positions or maybe this is
not their main passion they want to do
something else
or maybe they don't want to be an
independent person because this kind of
weird so I think the reason why maybe
I'm the only successful North American
video interviewer still around is that
there's a lot of churn like people
either go off and become successful or
they decide that they can't do it
because it is really really hard to make
this work financially media companies
flip
over all the time like there are a ton
of media companies that I think probably
died within the past couple years you
guys don't even remember that exist so
that's it I think the other reason why
is that I like doing this stuff and
that's why I haven't changed it I
actually really enjoy creating the
interviews for you guys
it's super fun for me to create the
content I love telling stories of the
players you know yesterday's reckless
and doublelift interview like that was
such a great moment we're reckless just
walks out and they had this conversation
and so that's like why I keep doing this
I just really actually love doing the
interviews and it's something I'm super
passionate about in a time when I don't
think like for admittedly I don't think
that scar is that passion about doing
North American video interviews that's
why I think he left the only other thing
to kind of give myself a little bit of
credit for is that I think you know like
you can be good at asking questions but
you have to be holistically good at the
whole interview experience so like you
guys look at the videos that is like
actually just a small fraction of what
it is for me to be this person I also do
the streaming shows and podcasts that
have been on Twitch for a long time
going all the way back to state of the
league I know how to do the marketing
for my content I know how to figure out
like how to be sponsors I mean obviously
not for this event but normally I have I
figure that I know how to find the right
people to work with like Broden who's
kneeling on the ground in the hotel room
right now to get the right shot for this
so it's all these other things also that
I think have helped me find success and
just persistence in general so anyway
that's my quick answer to why is Travis
Khafre the only successful North
American video interviewers still around
there's a lot more I can go into and
kind of have in the past about like the
struggles of media and all that but
that's the quick answer now broad and I
are gonna go off to get drinks with some
people for like a casual birthday
get-together for somebody that works at
Wright and then
I will sleep and then we'll see you
tomorrow
[Music]